Before going into any further,
I wanna introduce the third piece of our
infrastructure, the AWS API Gateway.
So maybe some of you people
are the most lambdas, DynamoDB,
maybe someone's the most API Gateway.
I think this one doesn't get
as much attention, maybe.
Maybe it's kind of under the hood, but
it plays a vital role in everything
that we're building today.
I'm gonna read the definition,
the textbook definition,
a fully managed service that makes it
easy for developers to create, publish,
maintain, monitor and
secure API's at any scale.
Okay, a bunch of great words.
But what I enjoy is actually
the access data, business logic, or
functionality from backend services.
That's a definition I think
it's gonna apply mostly to us.
The way we're gonna use our AWS API
Gateway is almost like a router, okay?
And why do I bring this up?
Why does it matter?
Because if you look back and
we go to our main.go,
there's a clear problem here.
Can anyone tell me what that problem is?
It's on this line.
>> Are you registering the user anytime?
>> No, that's not a problem.
I hope that's not a problem.
But actually, you're right,
because every time we invoke the function,
that's the only thing we're doing,
is just registering the user.
We have no flexibility.
What if we make a login handler?
We can't put that in, right?
Because we have to either take out our
registered user handler and put in the new
login user handler, or we have to
choose between one or the other, right?
And there's different ways you can maybe,
I don't know.
Find a way like a hacky fix to make it
work, but this is where the AWS Gateway
gives us flexibility to add different
functionalities to a single lambda, right?
And this is an architecture decision, you
can have different decisions where instead
of having one lambda that has a capability
of running three different functions.
You'd have one lambda, bind it to
one function and deploy each one.
That's totally fair.
The Code for that is you have to
kind of tell each lambda how to
communicate with respect to each other.
Like all these lambdas,
that can get kind of messy.
I've personally liked for something simple
like a CRUD app, just to have one lambda
that can execute a bunch of different
things depending on how it's invoked.
Registering a user,
give me the register user function.
Logging a user,
give me the logging user function, right?
I don't really see the core argument
to have all these different lambdas
doing something that could be contained.
But, again, pros and
cons to every kind of decision and
architecture you want to make.
And one more thing on
the API Gateway is that,
it also adds and
acts like a filter for us.
It adds like a layer of security,
because this is where we're
gonna process requests.
And this is where we can basically
tell someone or a requester, okay?
No, you don't have
the right header I expect.
Or no, you're from a different region,
or etc.
Like I do not want you
to go into the back-end.
I don't want this request to have any sort
of ability to invoke the back-end logic,
and this is what
the API Gateway can do for us.
So that's how we're gonna use it.
We're gonna make it act as like a bit
of a security layer, very, very
minimal security if I'm being honest, but
mostly gonna be acting as a router for us.
And again, as with any of these
infrastructures developed by a AWS,
the use case is massive.
There's so many things you can go with it.
There's so
many things you can run with it.
And this is just, honestly,
the tip of the iceberg just to get our
dipper toes in the AWS lake if you will.